auth module documentation suggestion (#1977)
spec-first/connexion: docs/security.rst

The validation function must either be defined in the API security definition
as ``x-{type}InfoFunc``, or in the environment variables as ``{TYPE}INFO_FUNC``. The function
should be referenced as a string using the same syntax that is used to connect an ``operationId``

> to a Python function when :ref:`routing <Routing:Explicit routing>`. This means that even if you used a resolver for the operation id, you need to specify the complete path to the security module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to a Python function when :ref:`routing <Routing:Explicit routing>`. Note that even if you used a resolver for the operation id, it is not applied to the validation function, and you need to specify the complete path to the security module
```
